fix links (#1110)
aziontech/docs: src/content/docs/en/pages/devtools/azion-edge-runtime/compatibility/frameworks.mdx

</Tag>

<br />

> <LinkButton link="/en/documentation/devtools/azion-edge-runtime/compatibility/nextjs/" label="go to Azion and Next.js compatibility docs" outlined target="_blank" />

Reviewer: validar qual valor deve ficar

> <LinkButton link="/en/documentation/devtools/azion-edge-runtime/compatibility/nextjs/" label="go to Azion and Next.js compatibility docs" outlined target="_blank" />

Author: ```suggestion
<LinkButton link="/en/documentation/devtools/azion-edge-runtime/compatibility/nextjs/" label="go to Azion and Next.js compatibility docs" severity="secondary"  target="_blank" />
```
